DOC-2171: improvement documentation entry for TINY-10124 in the 6.7 Release Notes (#2904)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.7-release-notes.adoc

=== Improved the keyboard focus visibility for links inside dialogs
// TINY-10124

> Previously, when a link was rendered within a {productname} dialog, it was difficult for a user to identify the visual difference between `normal, hovered` or `focused` when rendered inside the body content of a dialog such as the help dialog.
> 
> As a consequence, when the user hovered or focused on the link using keyboard navigation, the distinction between the state modes was almost unnoticeable to the user.
> 
> {productname} 6.7 addresses this issues by, adding a underline to all links;
> * improving the default color contrast;
> * and adding an outline to the link when using the keyboard.
> 
> As a result, when the state of a links changes, the user will now, immediately be able to identify when the element within the dialog has keyboard focus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when a link was rendered inside the body content of a {productname} dialog, such as the **Help** dialog, it was difficult for a user to identify the visual difference between the *normal*, *hovered* or *focused* states.

As well, when a link’s state was changed via keyboard navigation, making a distinction between the states was difficult.

{productname} 6.7 addresses this by
. adding an underline to all links to increase the contrast between links and non-links by default; and 
. adding an outline around the link when the link is given focus using keyboard navigation.

When using {productname} 6.7, users now get greater visual distinction between link and non-links, and immediate feedback as to a link’s change of state when using keyboard navigation.
```
Suggested edit.
